so my heels this there we go just a
hundred anybody need extra potions cuz I
swear the drop Souls whoa I win did I
win dude no you can drink and unlimited
amount of mana potions no I wish I quit
out the tax feed on this hard you know I
mean what do you mean by that
look at us we're just one Manning this
shit we got what yeah they all charged
fuckers I got the topic you want to get
the side oh never mind
I'm just curving my hip look you're
greater management
yeah Oh lag and cleared up
VG's doing something right now he's
probably pissing himself is the why is
lagging yes I'm recording how bad my
accuracy is with this thing I can't even
see him because yeah your goals
I have their one smalls because I don't
have the graphic settings for this oh my
god cat go the fuck away
Jesus Christ you're so obnoxious sorry
um
when cats being a little bastard right
now obviously that means I'm at home
yeah I just got done with my first year
of college this is probably gonna be my
last PC gameplay for a while even though
I enjoyed it very much I have a shit ton
of PlayStation gameplay to record
I mean on record to edit through I have
some awesome battlefield gameplay I
probably not gonna upload the Cod just
because I don't enjoy it as much as
battlefield start a fucking you know
game or in the con in the comments if
you want I they're both good for good or
different reasons but I prefer
battlefield I don't know I just have
more fun with it
I mean I'll play Cod yeah because all my
friends play Cod and it's more fun to
troll people and I don't know how this
happens but I love call of duty because
there's trash talking but I love
battlefield because there's no trash
talking explain that one to me yeah
fucking I don't understand it either
anyways yeah so I'm just I just got out
of college I'm gonna get a job but I'm
gonna have a shit ton more time to make
videos so expect a lot more videos out
of me and the upcoming weeks when I sift
through all of that gameplay that I have
figured out how to upload all those
corrupted files so yay for me after my
fucking PC crashed and had a virus and
all that jazz but um yeah that's pretty
much it I don't like hearing my own
voice so I mean I'm kidding I fucking
love talking ask anybody that's played
with me well that's not the point I
don't want this video go on forever
because and it takes longer to upload
and I actually might want to place a
Playstation ITA for that um super if you
want to play on the server that I just
showed in the video links in the
description to the website the IP
changes almost every weekend admins or
are normally on every night obviously
I'm an admin and then there's jayjay
that was in the video and then there's
Bryan we're all good friends so it's fun
times will spawn shit for you it's free
build will protect your house for all
the people that don't play PC and have
no idea what terraria is you're missing
out and you need to suck it to fuck up
because I'm not playing on console low
low low low low yeah but uh that's
pretty much all I want to say
super